Now as you can see there's actually quite a lot of number crunching and data collection that's involved
in doing competitive research.
But it is so important to figure out what people who have come before you have done what has worked
what is not what is the most popular pledged here.
What is the average pledge all of this data that is going to contribute towards you raising more funding
at the end of the day.
But if you are a one man band if you are a lone founder and you don't have any team members to help
you out then this is a case where it might be worth hiring a virtual P.A..
So these are people who are based in India or in Eastern Europe where there's low cost around.
But still people are really well educated and are able to do these tasks to a high standard.
So brick work is one of these companies.
The other one is your man in India and I was actually surprised by how affordable it was I guess.
So I'm not affiliated with either of these services but they were just some of the ones that we looked
into when we when we were looking at Virtual PCs.
We actually ended up hiring somebody who was based in London just because everything got too hectic
and it was better to have your team members all congregated together.
But this was certainly an option that we were looking into.